# Bug List

> Make a list of the things that don't work as expected. Keep a list of things that you have fixed and try to document how you solved them.


In my project at the year 2007-2008 there is 4 pictures of Cristiano Ronaldo as you can see, two to the right and two the left. Those pictures I had a problem with, in the beginning those four pictures didn’t look as it looks now. I had a problem that those pictures were too far from each other. It was like the top and the bottom pictures had a big space between them. But I managed to fix it by putting the two left pictures in a div and then giving the div a class called left and then I controlled the size of the pictures in CSS, I did the same thing with the two pictures to the right also, but I gave them a class could right instead. And I also gave the text in this part (and in some other part of the project you will see later on) an element called article and then I controlled the look of the text in CSS also, the reason I used article was that I wanted the text to be in the middle, this is why I used this and as you can see in my code everything in in my code have an Id or a class element, this is because I want to have control of everything in my code, in the look and the size of everything. I did the same thing with 2015-2017 and 2017-2018 part, with the pictures and the text. 

Before I started with my project I had an idea that I will make a search “button” so that the user can be able to search about anything they want about Ronaldo in my page. But instead of making that search button, I made a menu button that the user can press, and when they press the button it comes up all the headline in my page, so as “2002 at Sporting FC” ect, and when the press and of the headlines it takes them to the headline that they pressed and so that they can easier read in which year they want to read. For that I used a SVG element with a UL and Li element, that you can find in the beginning of the body in my code. 
